hey guys so I'm Makoto from if your name
service who knows ENS etherium okay cool
so I think I took out half of class half
because I tried to explain it's a new
you know but like it sounds like
everybody knows but very briefly who has
DNS names okay it's less than 10% so I
briefly explained that so in serum we
have some like go buddy same address
where you can send it if easy to if you
want me to send that's addressed by you
know it doesn't have a full name but
like what we do as a NS is you can
basically assign the name comma tocando
is so that now if you go to any crypt
wallet like if you type my token or is
it resolved the same address so that's
the gist of what ENS is and yeah and who
knows who are smart contract is yeah
okay so I'll just skip this and but like
you basically ENS is just another small
contra right so you can program and then
you can put your own logic and like most
people you know know everybody's
programmer so you if you want to
interact ENS from more friendly way we
create website like DNS manager so where
you can set the for this name a talk
window if you can see the address but so
so primary usage is to you know a sign
same address to name but I get often ask
a question oh how do I point in my
website
into this door eth address but for this
audience you guys know that's wrong
approach right the right approach is you
put into ipfs right so we support that
so little who has said ipfs hash into
ENS before four people five people yeah
but like now because it before it was a
bit harder but now like oh yes I think
this would be old one or skip I think
now like you can basically put the
section on the content where you can put
into the ipfs content hash and what we
did is like base created a new proposal
corey IP one five seven seven which we
put the mouth codec as a multi codec
data so that it described whether this
content hash is whether swarm or ipfs so
we can point to the you know crack one
and currently already some like a clip
wallet such as status or browser opera
or like a meta mask i think there's some
couple guys from metal mask here they
already supposed like from there if
there's an extension or like browser you
can go to the east and you can solve the
resolved the web address a website which
is in ipfs which is great however if you
you know try to share this kind of
information you don't know what like you
know if you shared with your friend you
don't know whether your friends has a
meta mask or opera or status so we had
to came up with a solution which is
built by this chap called Jim McDonald
he couldn't make it today so I was just
trying to introduce on there before on
his behalf so introducing is DNS guys
then visited so yes thank you it looks
so simple but like this is has a lot of
things in it so like now you have my
token doll Easter link and he has a
whole ENS manager in ipfs and this one
you can do is like in any browser right
and it sounds so simple but what he did
underneath is like basically he there's
a one basically he extended he created
plugin for the DNS server which
integrate with the ipfs gateway and the
e NS so if you try to resolve motto
kundo is linked he takes out that link
and it goes to the same address to find
out the IP FS hash and they ask to the
ipfs gateway and renders it and why you
do that so for three reasons
so the first is like you know no browser
supposed to required and also it's
partially decentralize everything under
you know below that though is linked
like it's all the central in blockchain
and also interesting thing is like a
village in a small country you can it's
like
P I exposed by default so you anyone can
integrate into your application easily
so one and what else you could do is
like a hero already also the IP FSS
gateway so he already supports this door
is link version so we could think about
integrating to the Gateway and another
thing is we saw about can we do actually
ETH natively and pull technically we can
do it so which will show show off in the
sci-fi in a private network area but to
make it in public we have to undo it
each domain which currently belongs to
is yo peer but let's say and there's a
links thank you
[Applause]